docs/content/index.md, before:

---
title: Beta-testers, read this
---
Hi !

Want to transparently open `.ipynb` files in Obsidian? Run your Jupyter notebooks directly inside Obsidian? You're at the right place!

![[jupyter-inside-obsidian.png]]

## Entering Beta

This Obsidian plugin is entering beta now. I want to gather feedback and improve it if necessary before releasing it as an Obsidian community plugin.

- **The plugin should already be working.**
  
  You can open `.ipynb` files, run a Jupyter server, tweak the parameters to adapt the plugin for your use case.
- **Some bugs might have gone unnoticed until now.**
  
  Although I tested the plugin thoroughly myself, it might behave unexpectedly on different environments, that's why I need beta testers to see if it works for them as well.
- **Please give me feedback.**
  
  Tell me what you like, what you don't, what you *would* like, anything. I'll see what I can do.

## Installing the plugin

> [!TODO] Do this installing plugin with BRAT section
## Providing Feedback

Once the plugin is installed, you can start using it normally in your Obsidian vault. Discover the [[discover|features of the plugin]] and try playing a bit with it, see how it integrates with your workflow.

Please send me feedback about your experience with the plugin! This would help me a lot improving and releasing it in the official list of Obsidian community plugins.

To share feedback, choose between the following, depending on your preference and convenience.

- Participate on [this **Obsidian forum** post](https://forum.obsidian.md/t/jupyter-notebook-integration-for-obsidian/4951/40), I'll be monitoring new comments.
- Open an [**issue on GitHub**](https://github.com/MaelImhof/obsidian-jupyter/issues), choose an issue template as you wish. Beta feedback has only one field to fill in though, so it might be quicker.
- Join the [**Discord** server](https://discord.gg/KgkwwRJ3mQ) I quickly put together for the occasion.

Thank you in advance for your time, I hope you'll like the plugin!

Commit message:

Finalised the first beta version

docs/content/index.md, after:

---
title: Beta-testers, read this
---
Hi !

Want to transparently open `.ipynb` files in Obsidian? Run your Jupyter notebooks directly inside Obsidian? You're at the right place!

![[jupyter-inside-obsidian.png]]

## Entering Beta

This Obsidian plugin is entering beta now. I want to gather feedback and improve it if necessary before releasing it as an Obsidian community plugin.

- **The plugin should already be working.**
  
  You can open `.ipynb` files, run a Jupyter server, tweak the parameters to adapt the plugin for your use case.
- **Some bugs might have gone unnoticed until now.**
  
  Although I tested the plugin thoroughly myself, it might behave unexpectedly on different environments, that's why I need beta testers to see if it works for them as well.
- **Please give me feedback.**
  
  Tell me what you like, what you don't, what you *would* like, anything. I'll see what I can do.

## Installing the plugin

Because Jupyter for Obsidian is not available in the Obsidian community plugins for now, you'll need the [BRAT plugin](https://tfthacker.com/brat-quick-guide#Stopping%20beta%20plugin%20updates/deleting%20a%20beta%20plugin) to install Jupyter for Obsidian.

Here is how to proceed :

1. Backup your vault!
2. Install the [BRAT](https://github.com/TfTHacker/obsidian42-brat) plugin from the Obsidian community plugins.
3. Go in BRAT settings and click `Add Beta plugin`
   
   ![[add-beta-plugin.png]]
4. Use `https://github.com/MaelImhof/obsidian-jupyter` as the URL, tick `Enable after installing the plugin` and click `Add Plugin`.
   
   ![[popup-add-plugin.png]]
5. Voilà! The plugin should now be installed in your vault. Use it as a normal plugin and **provide feedback** about the beta.
   
   ![[setup-done.png]]
## Providing Feedback

Once the plugin is installed, you can start using it normally in your Obsidian vault. Discover the [[discover|features of the plugin]] and try playing a bit with it, see how it integrates with your workflow.

Please send me feedback about your experience with the plugin! This would help me a lot improving and releasing it in the official list of Obsidian community plugins.

To share feedback, choose between the following, depending on your preference and convenience.

- Participate on [this **Obsidian forum** post](https://forum.obsidian.md/t/jupyter-notebook-integration-for-obsidian/4951/40), I'll be monitoring new comments.
- Open an [**issue on GitHub**](https://github.com/MaelImhof/obsidian-jupyter/issues), choose an issue template as you wish. Beta feedback has only one field to fill in though, so it might be quicker.
- Join the [**Discord** server](https://discord.gg/KgkwwRJ3mQ) I quickly put together for the occasion.

Thank you in advance for your time, I hope you'll like the plugin!
